docs: document edge management console (#2186)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/clusters/edge/edge-host-management/theming.md

  command.

- [Docker Engine](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/) version 18.09.x or later. You can use the `docker --version`
  command to view the existing Docker version. You should have root-level or `sudo` privileges on your Linux machine to
  create privileged containers.

- A [Spectro Cloud](https://console.spectrocloud.com) account. If you have not signed up, you can sign up for a
  [free trial](https://www.spectrocloud.com/free-tier/).

- Palette registration token for pairing Edge hosts with Palette. You will need tenant admin access to Palette to
  generate a new registration token. For detailed instructions, refer to the
  [Create Registration Token](/clusters/edge/site-deployment/site-installation/create-registration-token) guide.

## Customize theme during EdgeForge

1. Check out the [CanvOS](https://github.com/spectrocloud/CanvOS) GitHub repository containing the starter code.

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/spectrocloud/CanvOS.git
   ```

2. Change to the **CanvOS/** directory.

   ```bash
   cd CanvOS
   ```

3. Create a directory called **ui.tar** at the path `CanvOS/ui.tar`.

4. In the directory, create a file named **customizations.json**.

> 

Reviewer: We are missing the step where we inform the user to move their logo file to the folder. We should also specify the logo requirements, such as file type, size and pixel requirements.

5. Populate the file with the following schema:

   ```json
   {
     "colors": {
       "brand": "#4A8FF1",
       "sidebar": "#2B323C"
     },
     "logo": "/logo.png"
   }
   ```

   To do: a screenshot demoing what each property does.

> 6. Follow the EdgeForge guide from step 3 onwards to finish the EdgeForge process.

Reviewer: Let's link to the EdgeForge guide.

### Validate

1. Use the ISO you produced to install Palette Edge on an Edge device.

2. Power up the device and follow [Access Edge Management Console](./access-console.md) to access the Edge management
   console.

> 3. Verify that the customizations you made are reflected in the UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Verify that the customizations you made are reflected in the user interface.
```
